[Music]
that's beautiful
hey guys I'm here with my boy and we're
gonna be sporting again today so Sony's
a weight lifter and I'm a power lifter
but we both work at very high levels
even though we're working on very
different things and we're going to
train together again and you're going to
check out our session and we're going to
come together at the end of the session
and have a chat about what we did today
check it out so before I touch an empty
barbell I did lots of sets of just
bodyweight so right now the way that
I've built like this and I called Ben
Dover's it's my warmup but I'll probably
do about 20 reps and multiple sets of 20
where on acting as I'm bending over and
picking something up off the ground so
in a squat I don't want to bend over I
want to squat go for my warmups
bending over is basically using a lot of
my back muscles as well which I want
blood in that area so before I get to
the empty bar I want my body to be warm
and I want to be moving nicely with an
empty bar a lot of the times I used to
just go straight to an empty bar and
start moving like that
it didn't feel nice so now I just take
my time I'm showing my age I'm 38 years
old so I like to take my time just so
you know my sessions probably going to
take me about two hours or so I know a
lot of people don't have that much fun
which is a big reason why a lot of
people don't spend as much time warming
up when people freak out about how how
can you train for that long almost the
training isn't actually training so the
warmup is probably going to take me
about half an hour or so before I touch
an empty bar
my belts on but it's not hard like
that's fun
so I'll just I just sit there
when I put my hands on the inside of my
legs on the inside of my knees it forces
me to open my hips and push my knees out
which is what I'm working on when I
squat
especially with raps opening the hips
push your knees into the wrap okay a lot
of people think about squatting is
sitting back into a chair that's not how
it's done
okay open the hips are squats a
three-dimensional movement
how are you sunny look at this [__]
hairline I'm ready for a transplant if
anyone knows anything I have grown a
beard overnight hit puberty last week or
jaqen yeah you know hmm look I couldn't
grow when were you in the Olympics 2016
help 22 2 to me 11 years 11 years gets
Olympics closer after eight years made
in 11 don't let the age for you he's
young but he's been doing for a long
time to get to that level a lot of
himself but this guy's so young and you
know imagine him when he's another 10
years we'll there's already been a lot
of that
it's like it's saying if your your warm
up when I get your age I'm sure you will
I've already noticed people my old
training partners at like 10 years old
and me going out about wait till you get
to 25 and I bet I'm not warming up and
I'm just getting to that point now where
everything starts to hurt a little bit
more and I'm gonna have to start doing
some sort of how long would it take you
two or more it'll take me about two
minutes to warm up today because I'll
I'll get it straight into this well I
will start the bar though and all my
weeks up to around 150 ID classes
warm-up sets anyway but I wouldn't do
any pre activate activation although I
do do think it's got a place there some
people when you get old and creaky so
quite different compared when you get
hold up like me 38 but I still don't
consider myself oh there's a
I've been training so when I met my
missus I was 19 years old and I was 63
kilograms and I'll see our skinny or
something hip thrust and when I went
around then they weren't the cool things
to do now that they are the cool maybe
one day at the anniversary roll that I
have this once is to grab the virus
closest your shortened mobility allows
but what I do my first sets my shoulders
are a little bit stiff so I've just been
warming on my log water but not much
amount of body so my first set you say I
kind of grabbed him with a very wide
with that's quite time on my chest and
shoulders I did bench press two days ago
so my other bodies a little bit tight so
right now that's where my shoulder
mobility allows and as I get warm up my
hands are going to come in closer and
close up to create more and more tension
of my upper back
[Music]
that's that I'm working on with this
squat variation is crease of the hip to
go below the top of the knees so it's a
lot of hip bending in this motion but
that is slightly below the crease of the
hip is slightly below the top of the
knee that's what I'm working towards
we'll see how sunny does his sports
after this but to different type to
squat
poppers so you'll see for he's trying to
achieve this more beneficial sir
I think balls are putting bollocks in
his socks pasture grass bull devs
weightlifting style of sports today
whereas for myself in a powerlifting
competition that's what we need to
achieve increases the hip below the top
of the knee more hip involvement in my
stylist what more quite involvement in
his style and also very important you
may like throw when you're squatting so
you're more streamlined into that
position you know any dragged into the
Hall likely to sense of nothing so
there's been drivers
yeah this is my second set of an empty
bar this past 25 kilograms and I go to
na VI quits on so that's 30 kilograms
[Music]
so I'm gonna wake up a bit now three
coffees to do a hang snatch normally
harder dryer only hard my best ever hang
satsang by bit yeah
46 160 not much between in there should
be really it's the same as like jerks
for a weightlifter the different drive
phase is exactly the same regardless
whether you jerk powder or SWAT job so
there shouldn't be much in between it
especially if you're super elite because
you'll have good mobility to do it yeah
well there's more margin for error less
bitter than there is on the squatcher so
that's why people will tend to reduce
picture but in terms of light I'll still
use watcher am projects apart my
trainings that assists much good joke
basis
[Music]
three fronts but one job you've done 200
for a joke yeah I could do three fronts
what's one job today so I knew that 170
not to injure ya ass good idea there you
go we've got a session front squat Jones
my jerks here you go
[Music]
well my second set up that way the first
set I did more reps and you know a
second say I'm just gonna do a single so
I'll go up 25 kilograms each set one rat
one rat one rep and I'll probably be
maybe 2 to 3 to 4 minutes between these
sets however long it takes me to reload
the plates and then it'll take a little
bit longer when I start wrapping my
knees and then before my top set I'll be
looking at about 8 to 10 minutes the
rest between sets college
[Music]
this is a proper high bar wow that was
impressive
are these your favorites watch these
best my competition stylist what which
is the Lobos what I like to use
flat-soled shoes so there's nothing
special about these except for the fact
that got very little cushioning at the
bottom and the sole this is flat
Converse Chuck Taylors another variation
by a weightlifting shoes something else
that I use the Sun is using today I use
that for a different variation so when
I'm trying to build quadriceps I'll use
my quadriceps a little bit better and
focus on same walk upright holy is the
way lifting should
notice the difference between his squad
and my squad he's my fright to know the
amount of time you know it's not gonna
make well of different to me maybe one
or two percent but for a beginner
especially if you wait think it's
extremely important okay
they help give you a lot more stability
and they help the mobility raised heels
if anyone has trouble seeing up right
the bottom position they're going to
help with that which is why we use
weight issue answer the stabilities you
can see they're extremely flat okay so I
always recommend them for a beginner
also it's down to a split jerk so again
I want a nice solid platform my feets be
landing in what I'm doing this picture
turns good of us
it's a month and he always wear Richmond
after church yeah these are just boxing
hand wrap absolutely flex god no fast
and just flexing off what one day I'll
get that good
you know time for that set of really
really soft that's five revolutions that
are really really soft rap but then on
the next set I'm going to use the same
software apps but go a little bit
tighter and then keep going tighter and
tighter up until I hit my top set belts
as well look how loose that is but the
next set
check out this built their half inch
increments
that's called pioneer cut I love this
belt it allows me to go off by half an
inch every time most belts are in one
inch increments but then as I get
heavier I'm going to use my lever belt
so that's a thicker belt and it's easier
to get on I had every intention on doing
some deadlifts that successfully worked
it today to maintain synthetic strength
but I have a peak squat goal so that's
something that I never miss out on my
best sport is 375 my best Elvis is 330
so that's a big part of the reason as to
why my squats are so much better than my
dead lifts but I like
[Music]
that's only 190 kilograms I just miss
the balance a little bit the girl was
pretty much not even on I was expecting
to bounce but it didn't bounce but
that's okay I'll play if I have to do
that quite again because just crap I'll
have to
that's fine that's fine
shut up okay Sonny what do you normally
drink when you train this is water and I
pour Himalayan salt in it any salt will
do but Himalayan salt is healthier for
you than just regular white label salt
it's got other minerals in it but sodium
is the only one that I'm after so it
doesn't really matter and then the next
thing is coconut water high in potassium
good hydration so it's not just water
you drink from the tap to rehydrate you
sodium and potassium these are the
electrolytes that we need to replenish
one we're training so that's my tip that
I got from half Thor actually he's huge
on hydrating yourself the right way
which is no surprise everyone should be
a lot of people just don't know we're
kind of just taught to drink lots of
water is that only for a high level
Aliya athlete or is there for everyone
[Music]
who's nine years old drink salt water
she doesn't like the taste of it I
always encourage her to have a sip from
my bottle yeah and I make sure she's
getting sodium potassium in her diet
sodium comes from salt potassium comes
from bananas kiwi fruits spinning
really like know what
[Music]
less 205 kilograms and now I'm going to
change to stronger wraps we're there
more bounce than that one that's it
here's a little bit better than I said
to let us switch down a little bit more
I don't try as hard as I can the warm
ups to push it as fast as I can a lot of
people talk about putting a lot of
intent through the bar and working
exactly how you're gonna work on the top
wait I get that mentality and I follow a
lot of those similar principles but I'm
more about controlling the weight as you
would control the top way not exploding
up as you would explode up at the top
way something that I learn with Boris
Chico and one of the Russian godfathers
of powerlifting in powerlifting if
there's 200 kilograms on the bar put 200
kilograms of force through the bar in
weightlifting it's different in
weightlifting his recommendation this
might be different to Sonny's but this
was the Russian way it was hundred kilos
on the one hundred and forty kilos of
force on the bar that's for
weightlifting when it's an explosive
sport powerlifting its explosive
somewhat but not the same degree as
weight of things so that's what I'm
doing here and it was a little bit too
relaxed for the set before I was
expecting all the equipment and the
tension of my body to bounce me up and
that didn't happen at some point you've
got to push as well
their reason why you were your hands
before you're up us yeah this is grip
what a people use chalk yeah chalk takes
moisture out which is why it's good for
grip fear grabbing barbells because that
moisture slippery on barbells but on on
the clock like this it's it's Britney so
I like to wet my hands to wrap nice mix
it that's more grippy than talk for this
material anyway not for middle time your
hands
[Music]
in dirt
that's guys honey
[Music]
nice Thunder hey
that's your birth
[Applause]
[Music]
but I
I
hmm
a solid
[Music]
whatever let's go take a stroll
good man
yeah all right who say that's me this is
also me regulating like how deep should
I go like if that's a too deep I know
that when I wrap it tight it'll be
harder to get that but when I go that
touch shallower like the perfect depth
it bounces up a lot faster
so that's it was easier than the said
before actually and then ideally so now
the next two sets I make my belt tighter
as well
they'll tighten me right side up I'll
tell ya I mean I need
[Music]
let's guy sunny that's it
let's get sunny that's it nice
then dirt let's go bass 9
[Music]
session kind of complete we both worked
up to a great top set each I just
spotted 320 kilograms for a triple a
little bit off program but Sonny came
back from Saudi Arabia so being trained
for a week so kind of like session what
do you do today bro so I was taking it
pretty easy today but I did do a lift
that I haven't done in absolute ages I
did the front squat jerks which was kind
of again little throw in there at the
end of there at the start of the day
instead just swaying and I worked 174 to
front squats one jerk which for me means
that you should be able to do a clean
and jerk with that way but it felt quite
comfortable and I'm going to crank up
the steam next weekend on the squat hmm
for guys anyway we're saying we're gonna
be doing plenty more of these videos
together if there's anything in
particular that you guys want to see
from me and back together and smash in
the comment section and we'll get a
video to you very soon
click like subscribe and do it he said
see you next time guys